# Contributing Guide #

Thank you for your interest in contributing.. This is a generic guide
that details how to contribute to this repository in a way that is
efficient for everyone.


## Reporting Bugs ##

We are using [GitHub
Issues](https://github.com/penpot/penpot-files/issues) for our
bugs. Before filing a new task, try to make sure your problem doesn't
already exist.

If you found a bug, please report it, as far as possible with:

- a detailed explanation of steps to reproduce the error
- a browser and the browser version used


## License ##

We are using the CC BY 4.0 (included in the repository). This is the
default license that applies to all `.penpot` files that does not have
explicit license. This license applies to the `.penpot` file itself
and the original content (made by penpot).

Some penpot files has third-party content (assets, images, etc.)
licensed with other OpenSource licenses; in this case the content
license applies (only to assets that already have their own license).

And some penpot files are just containers for third-party content
(assets, icons, etc.); in this case, the third-party licence will
apply (and accordingly will be mentioned in the .LICENSE file).


## Collaborate ##

If you want to **contribute** with your own **libraries and designs**
you can do it in two ways:

- ðŸ¤Ÿ Create a pull request in this repository by uploading your penpot file.
- ðŸ“§ Send us your penpot file to *info@penpot.app*

The Penpot team will review all libraries and template
contributions. The approved files will be available in this repository
for other users to free use. The penpot team is not responsible for
maintaining third-party libraries and reserves the right to remove
them from the repository in case the author does not respond to
possible bugs in it.

The contributed files should be licensed with a recognised OpenSource
license. If the license is different that the official one, you should
contribute the license file in this way:

- `<name-of-the-library>.penpot`
- `<name-of-the-library>.LICENSE`

Before contributing anything, firstly you should carefully read the
**DCO** section and format your commits/email accordingly.


## Code of conduct ##

As contributors and maintainers of this project, we pledge to respect
all people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature
requests, updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches,
and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a
harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of level of
experience, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual
orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race,
ethnicity, age, or religion.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include the use of
sexual language or imagery, derogatory comments or personal attacks,
trolling, public or private harassment, insults, or other
unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit,
or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other
contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct. Project
maintainers who do not follow the Code of Conduct may be removed from
the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public
spaces when an individual is representing the project or its
community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior
may be reported by opening an issue or contacting one or more of the
project maintainers.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version
1.1.0, available from http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/1/0/

## Developer's Certificate of Origin (DCO) ##

By submitting code you are agree and can certify the below:

    Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

    By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

    (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
        have the right to submit it under the open source license
        indicated in the file; or

    (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
        of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
        license and I have the right under that license to submit that
        work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
        by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
        permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
        in the file; or

    (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
        person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
        it.

    (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
        are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
        personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
        maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
        this project or the open source license(s) involved.

Then, all your code patches (**documentation are excluded**) should
contain a sign-off at the end of the patch/commit description body. It
can be automatically added on adding `-s` parameter to `git commit`.

This is an example of the aspect of the line:

	Signed-off-by: Andrey Antukh <niwi@niwi.nz>

Please, use your real name (sorry, no pseudonyms or anonymous
contributions are allowed).
